removed sensitive words (#4877)
Particular/docs.particular.net: platform/installer/index.md

### Downloads

> The Platform Installer caches the downloaded MSI files in `%temp%\Particular\PlatformInstaller`. These files are downloaded directly from GitHub. Some corporate firewalls prevent the downloading of executable files via content filters or by allowing / denying specific web sites. If the Platform Installer cannot download the individual applications, consult with the network administration staff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Platform Installer caches the downloaded MSI files in `%temp%\Particular\PlatformInstaller`. These files are downloaded directly from GitHub. Some corporate firewalls prevent the downloading of executable files via content filters or by blocking specific web sites. If the Platform Installer cannot download the individual applications, consult with the network administration staff.
```
